source/downloads.rst, before:

.. _downloads:

Downloads
=========

We do recommend to install radare2 from git:

::

  git clone https://github.com/radare/radare2
  cd radare2
  sys/install.sh   # just run this script to update r2 from git


You can also simply download binaries:

.. _linux: https://github.com/radare/radare2
.. _docker: https://hub.docker.com/r/radare/radare2/
.. _android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.radare2.installer
.. _win32: http://radare.mikelloc.com/get/2.2.0/radare2_installer-msvc_32-2.2.0.exe
.. _win64: http://radare.mikelloc.com/get/2.2.0/radare2_installer-msvc_64-2.2.0.exe
.. _osx: http://radare.mikelloc.com/get/2.2.0/radare2-2.2.0.pkg
.. _ios: http://cydia.radare.org/


.. |linux| image:: _static/icons/linux.png
  :alt: linux download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :target: `linux`_
  :align: middle

.. |windows| image:: _static/icons/windows.png
  :alt: windows download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `win32`_

.. |osx| image:: _static/icons/osx.png
  :alt: osx download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `osx`_

.. |ios| image:: _static/icons/cydia.png
  :alt: ios download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `ios`_

.. |android| image:: _static/icons/android.png
  :alt: android download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `android`_

.. |docker| image:: _static/icons/docker.png
  :alt: docker download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `docker`_

+---------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| | |linux|           | | |windows|         | | |osx|             |
| | `linux`_          | | `win32`_/`win64`_ | | `osx`_            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| | |ios|             | | |android|         | | |docker|          |
| | `ios`_            | | `android`_        | | `docker`_         |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------------------+

Commit message:

Add a link to releases
This should close #13

source/downloads.rst, after:

.. _downloads:

Downloads
=========

We do recommend to install radare2 from git:

::

  git clone https://github.com/radare/radare2
  cd radare2
  sys/install.sh   # just run this script to update r2 from git

If you prefer to build releases from source, you can get them all `here <https://github.com/radare/radare2/releases>`__.

You can also simply download binaries:

.. _linux: https://github.com/radare/radare2
.. _docker: https://hub.docker.com/r/radare/radare2/
.. _android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.radare2.installer
.. _win32: http://radare.mikelloc.com/get/2.2.0/radare2_installer-msvc_32-2.2.0.exe
.. _win64: http://radare.mikelloc.com/get/2.2.0/radare2_installer-msvc_64-2.2.0.exe
.. _osx: http://radare.mikelloc.com/get/2.2.0/radare2-2.2.0.pkg
.. _ios: http://cydia.radare.org/


.. |linux| image:: _static/icons/linux.png
  :alt: linux download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :target: `linux`_
  :align: middle

.. |windows| image:: _static/icons/windows.png
  :alt: windows download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `win32`_

.. |osx| image:: _static/icons/osx.png
  :alt: osx download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `osx`_

.. |ios| image:: _static/icons/cydia.png
  :alt: ios download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `ios`_

.. |android| image:: _static/icons/android.png
  :alt: android download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `android`_

.. |docker| image:: _static/icons/docker.png
  :alt: docker download link
  :scale: 30 %
  :align: middle
  :target: `docker`_

+---------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| | |linux|           | | |windows|         | | |osx|             |
| | `linux`_          | | `win32`_/`win64`_ | | `osx`_            |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
| | |ios|             | | |android|         | | |docker|          |
| | `ios`_            | | `android`_        | | `docker`_         |
+---------------------+---------------------+---------------------+
